First part of the test, I'm going to ask you some general questions about yourself. First of all, let's talk about childhood memory. What were some of the things that you enjoyed doing as a child? [2.2s pause] Actually, I have a lot of memories related to my childhood and most of them that I still remembered until now is maybe the time that I enjoy with my neighbor friends. We have some traditional folk games together. Right. [1.6s pause] Would you say you had a great childhood? I might say so, because my parents really supported me to enjoy my time with my friends, and they didn't force me to study much. So I must say that I enjoyed childhood time. Are you still friends with the people that you've known since childhood? Actually, I haven't met them for a really long time because before I lived in the south of Vietnam and then maybe about grade four, I moved to the central of Vietnam. So we have been separated apart for a long time. All right. [2.2s pause] Is it better to grow up in the city or in the countryside? [2.2s pause] It depends. To me, I believe that having time in the countryside will have more time for me to live with nature. And I thought that would be really important for people to fully develop in both physical and mental. [4.4s pause] All right, let's move on to part two, the second part of the test. I'm going to give you a topic and you're going to talk about this for one to two minutes. First of all, you have one minute to make some notes if you wish. And your topic for today is describe a person you know who likes to cook for other people. [8.0s pause] All right, your time is up. Please begin speaking now. Remember, you have two minutes and don't worry if I stop you. When it comes to a person that I know and really have a love for cooking in general, is maybe one of my friends, she really enjoys baking. [1.8s pause] She doesn't take any class of baking but she enjoys looking for some recipes on the internet, especially YouTube. and maybe sometimes she wants to do some experiments, but I thought that her cakes is really good, and it just somehow deliver her love, not only for cooking, but her love for other people as well. And sometimes it's just like, if she got chance, she's gonna bake and give the cakes as a gift for other people, including me. And I thought that when I ate her cake, [1.6s pause] I could see that she really cherished the food as well as she puts a lot of love into her cake. And of course, I will try to learn a lot from her, especially the love for food and the love for other people as well. Let's move on to part three. In the final part of the test, I'm going to ask you some questions related to the topic that you've just talked about. First question is, in your opinion, how important is it to learn how to cook? I think cooking is one of the most pivotal skills that we have to learn. because imagine that when we live in another country and the food does not suit to our taste. So it's very important to learn, to know how to cook by yourself. [1.7s pause] Should children be taught cooking skills from a young age? [1.6s pause] Yeah, to me, I believe that cooking requires a lot of skills that need to focus on detail and some safety as well. So it's very important to teach children how to cook properly first. And then maybe cooking is also somehow the best way to develop their creativity. How so? Because sometimes they could first start with some recipe, the base recipe. then they can follow and develop the recipe based on other people's reference and somehow the decorating step will also help them to have some more creativity. Why do you think some people derive pleasure from cooking and other people don't? um i think that like to have um like hobby for cooking is require a lot of time um some people they just cook for like just a basic requirement in their life just to just enough to meet their demands in their personal life. With other people, they not only consider cooking as a really important skill, but also a way they can relax. With some people, this also can be a therapy to them. [1.6s pause] What does it take to run a successful restaurant? uh at first um i believe i i don't know much about like doing business in restaurant but i believe that there must be some rules are required to run um a very like good restaurant but on top of that maybe there's might be some like good skills of the to make, how can I say, the food that can touch other people's hearts.